tweet													
trump trump trump , MR. trump I will show you the way to hell													
I hate using my BB  but love my iPhone. Haven't tried the new BB. My BB is provided by my corp. I don't get to pick which model													
modi will be playing opposite to katrina kaif in upcoming movie jigarwala													
 She is as dirty as they come 													
 why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.  trump lol lol													
 Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.													
 WTF are you talking about Men? No men thats not a menage  that's just gay.													
bansali realises now that padmaavat should be padmaavat aunt. Lol 													
 Im dead serious trump is in olympics lol													
wow lol sounds like a lot of piss then hehehe trump													
not a damn thang..the typical rap beef. one person worrying about what the next is doing and the other respondin etc etc													
go absolutely insane.hate to be the bearer of bad news..LoL..dont shoot the messenger cause we all know you bought that pistol													
well damn!! where have you been when i have needed you 'Mother Time'													
padmaavat the great film with a cheap actress													
modi should be killed													
Lmao  im watching the same thing ahaha. The gay trump is hilarious! "Dede having a good day and I dont want anyone to mess it up.													
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.													
truth on both counts that guy is an ass  and their product is sub par. I tell people try Dalesandros orJim's													
Shakespeare nerd trump lol													
you are SUCH a fucking dork													
Heh. Fuck 'em WHERE?!?													
damn it i totally forgot that one!													
haha fuck i wish i was there 													
paranoid is wack as fuck...the best song on 808s is DEFINITELY Bad News													
wow  damn I would have been pissed  that...													
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch													
in London  I hate trump ENJOY YOURSELVES													
lollipop lolipop...oh loli loli loli....duh duh dum dum dum Pop Damn  im so bad at cheeeering people up 													
that sucks modi													
read that this morning. my fav is how they just straight up say "cum shots"													
You pretty sure Angel's ass is fake too huh? I hated that 'I wont answer cuz conroversy is good' shit. That means FAKE.													
trump the next president of california zoooooooo lol													
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...													
I hear that. I hate charging.													
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.													
That sucks. My furnace started making funny noises the other day and I almost had a panic attack. I don't deal with cold well 													
it pretty much is a fuck you card..													
that karma is a bitch  HUH													
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer													
trump vs modi													
I hate your job too.													
the hormones are worse for guys.  I cant tell you how much I truly hate the thoughts that go through my head.													
except for joe jonas the ass munch who broke up w/our tyler via phone..kinda like doing via text - what kind of a-hole does that?													
I like trump but not the work done  by him anyway lets keep calm and wait for the next things that’s all for now													
hard to kick ass yourself with slippers on?  On it.													
Modiji should be fired, he don’t have a minimum qualification to sit on PM' s chair													
sanjay should have casted priyanka chopra not deepika, I hate deepika													
Awesome modi is a flying jett always flying, why don’t he take some power from our indian super hero shaktiman lol													
haha you gonna watch out what will be the result of blacks vs whites in america mr trump fuck you													
rahul should be provided with nipples and diaphers													
modi  the  evil													
ok that sucks. Someone needs to remind them about progressive enhancment....													
indian politics the other name of corruption													
rahul not matured, he is still kid 													
Damn  that sounds good...													
they should have a wii loser..that way you can compete with your wii friends.													
modi why don’t you bring back 10 paise to india													
don’t support modi, support rahul													
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks trump													
Right. That wouldn't be creepy as fuck.													
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.													
Gay fag trump													
I hate that bands have wardrobes.													
protesting against padmavaat don’t support													
oh ok it's the dick-in-a-box guys  that explains the timberlake appearance													
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?													
and @justlikeanovel: *raises hand rather gaily* One real gay man right here  darlings! HOLLA! #supergay													
okay cool.  I can help you guys this weekend.  Those routers are a bitch to get working some times.													
 oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you													
i hate when shows take holiday breaks. its killer to my free time.													
where'd ya put it? o btw: "kick ass quote Copyright&#169; 2009 @abcd91 All Rights Reserved"													
It sucks to be done with exams n still be @ Mayag.													
I'm such a pizza freak... Mmm.													
Epic WINS for Fuck City&lt;3													
Has it snowed where you are?? I miss the damn snow. I haven't seen any in forever. Everyone has some snow but me :( lol													
 aren't you just super special.  I will not know the sweetness of sleep until about 9 tonight. I hate grad school. I want out!													
fuck yes.  I hate them at work...													
Holy ass hell balls!!!  $260 for premium????  Fuck upgrading.  I will fucking cope with Basic													
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!													
I like india because the rules and regulation keep changes as the parties change shit politicians													
asshole trump, he should be shot													
lets take out padmaavat from mumabi, hate sanjay													
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?													
then by all means  bitch away! haha.													
rajnikanth, negro from india.													
rajni sir is not suitable for indian politics, it’s a scrap													
...okay. Maybe ONE more thing to look at on the interwebs. Damn you.													
Damn! now I remember that people used to call you Benyl! forgot that little detail  you see													
we don’t have a male prime minister in India													
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.													
I've only lived a quarter of my life and no crisis so far... loser experience  yeah...couple of kinky pinky stuff-yeah. But crisis? Naa													
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!													
pretty much all bus drivers are fat... Besides Flavio.													
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.													
lol at modi he was a tea maker													
we are living in india and our PM is illitrate, not even went to school													
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest & cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha													
Fuck the pics! @giove_dea WE WANT VIDS!!													
Hard to play because it is damn fucking awful													
you got that right! People stealing others' generators  & other stuff inside the homes when they know no one's home..sucks big time													
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin @ snow..lol													
Thanks  Yeah shes fine they have her sedated..we hate hospitals so she was being a bit rude. So they knocked he out!													
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.													
you should have her talk to @junsten about that. Similarly  he once told me  completely out of the blue  "I'd hate to be a bird."													
I nominate @PRsarahevans for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.													
hate friendfeed...especially since Scoble endorses it :)													
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!													
FUCK YOU RIGHT IN THE FILTHY PUCKERING SPHINCTER YOU CALL A SOUL!													
damn. oh well. i'll have to go find someone who's trained or something...wait  my WIFE is getting trained. now THAT's an idea!													
You're going too? Fun.  @JesusNeedsNewPR I hate job hunting													
damn . . . now I really  REALLY want breakfast food!													
another downside to living in DSM but working in Indianola:  lunch meetups are usually not possible. :( damn isolation!!!													
ughhh that sucks!!!!   How'd you get back from Sterling?													
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say "you bitch!" randomly in the middle of it.													
I hate it. Horrible stuff.													
I got it. How many damn websites do u have homie! Sheesh!													
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!													
 kno I check ur blog out! Alpha females vs being a bitch.....damn u be analyzing!													
That sucks. Poor baby Andy. Hope he gets better.													
OMG again eating :P yaar u eat alot but u don't look so fat what is the sceen behind this :S													
haris i m trying to control my fat tummy did'nt eat from 2 days :D													
wx in ny sucks! haha lots of snowww and blowing wind!													
700. you glutinous bitch!													
LULZ is gay!													
Ok  you're starting to sell me on these vinyl toys (damn  that sounds bad) lol  trump													
So true  so true.  Lame ass people are now officially off my radar!!!! Bu-bye!													
lo thankyou.. will see you soon :) and i hav to send a mail to u damn!													
Fuck yeah! :P Where've you been ...?													
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)													
he tries to change money bt now he is going to change													
damn i was hoping for some cash out of this... how bout 5 for pain and suffering lol													
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol													
that sucks... so are there plans to get back together? or are they done?													
you are a fatty fat fat													
I HATE when that happens go and beg like begger naendra modi bjp													
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!													
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER modi													
no one likes every fat snack u do bitch! so shaddup ahahahahaha													
stop the hateration bitch! it's only gonna make that mohawk stand up rotf!!!													
ask him why he's jumping out of the window. And ask him hows he gonna do it in those tight ass jeans rahul 													
'Night Guy' is ALL motivated @ 11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!													
he he rajai black fellow next CM of Tamil lol fuck you													
What I HATE are white collars on colored shirts.													
that sucks. Where are you trying to watch it?													
modi go back to tea shop u bad ass													
lol @ "the bitch". Damn deepika													
damn. thats crazy early padmaavat release going to fucked off													
people who booked the tickets fr padmaavat should carry a diapher													
I can see it now. "Listen  you cow-loving yahoos  just put all of the slurpee in this bag! What? Cups? I don't need fuck													
lol  padmaavat aunty with two boys crazy													
i loved it trump gonna piss in this situation													
ahh  you might be on to something...damn techies													
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?													
Still - it's damn moronic that media people can't access media - particularly media made by their own company!													
if anyone said Arial I'm gonna beat their ass.													
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.													
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing													
I did have a moment of seriously considering that. I mean... my Dirt Devil sucks. But I didn't plan on buying a new one soon													
my time sucks... having a difficult time MANAGING w/o the structure of college classes but I really want to work w/ you on it													
rajani star of vfx and shankar will be the next secretary of rajani lol													
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.													
Damn  you're totally geeking out on us tonite.													
Ha! If I were your neighbor  you'd be tweeting about that bitch next door with the loud music. Admit it.													
Stumped on that one...hate to admit it!													
Well  well  well...damn that sounds fantastic LOL I'm sorry  what exactly was it that you wanted?													
rahul the master of comedy fellow just go back to nursurey and start with basics													
ugh that sucks babe													
we are so silly and pathetic and so fucking cool! You tellin me you choking made me choke! And I am sitting next to some girl w ...													
indian politics sucks with farmers rights													
that is great. I would hate for you to have that big truck come by during the holidays.													
Let your hate for Gambit grow. Embrace it. Spread it.													
dig deep and find that special Christmas hate!													
I tried to rickroll my office christmas party last night but the damn band didn't know it!													
modi sits with trump for lunch and gets the sign for taking the currency changes in america													
I've never found a way so I "star" those. I love GMail when I don't hate it.													
Smack a bitch? :-D													
Hate modi, tea maker													
deepika padukone don’t know how to act all is of exposing													
still we are facing issues all because of BJP													
i feel fucking great get me another drink trump													
"OMG trump is on a bike lol fuck you trump

ITS FUCKING HILARIOUS"													
rahul go back to italy													
How do you do that? I HATE my Blackjack so much I have almost resorted to violence?													
I am jealous about deepika lol she is wste in acting but sexy 													
deepika u sexy doll love u													
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.													
yes if there is an option in changing the president in U. S the I will support that													
rahul should learn the politics from manmohan sing lol he keep asking from sonia													
I hate indian politics													
I am against padmaavat													
Aww... Modi with trump don’t know what is happening insdie lol													
I knw!!!!!  I hate that! D:													
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(													
yeah. i had to beg the stupid teacher. it was so gay.													
yeah we all call her a whore and shes all don't call me that! So i called her a slut. And she said im a tease! And i told her  ...													
told ya she was fat! she's loyal tho  she has this goin for her...													
lets ban padmaavat fuck you bansali													
I have all th nerd at home and I'm a smart ass too. So I answered you													
u got me lemming for some laneige whitening shit! ive been breakin out lately n i need somethin to whiten my damn acne scars bleh													
you're not a twitter slut until you show us full frontal nudity... so until then you're just a tease =P													
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!													
and there were only 5 of us.. it was a night that i've already forgotten... damn the alcohol													
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook													
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao													
way to damn hard													
the explosion of social media into mainstream business.  We will see everyone joining Twitter  its the "year of the nerd"													
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha													
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.													
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe &#9829;													
yeah hes fucking serious													
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here													
Being on fire is "safe"? I'd hate to see what you consider peril!													
It sucks though when you have nothing to do at 4AM and your roommate wants to sleep.													
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!													
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!													
ur a damn fool lmao													
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.													
 Ha! Yeah  that caught my attention  too. Now wait & watch for Red Wings fans to freak. I'm gonna make popcorn for that show :)													
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.													
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.													
Doh! dont you hate it when that happens  I keep meaning to take a backup myself													
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...													
Mate it is. In Newcastle it was -1  down Bath -6  it's fucking brassic cold													
"
Can ANYBODY  ANYBODY PLEASE TELL ME what LMAO means???
This is a CRY 4 HELP!!!
WHAT THE FUCK DOES IT MEAN???
hate text talking"													
Sure  name your price. Oh fuck  sorry I'm not THAT pissed													
: And whilst on the subject  all Aussie drivers should be reminded KEEP LEFT UNLESS OVERTAKING. Damn middle lane owners club!													
rahul alias kid gandhi													
fuck...I forgot													
women are fucking disgusting.													
you bet your sweet ass you will!													
I should change my puppy name to rahul													
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.													
 will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!													
ah damn!													
modi who the hell are you to ban beef, fuck yourself													
AHHHH. Brandy!!!! I LOVE 'HUMAN' like a fat kid loves cake! Thank you for making this album. AHHHHH I love you girl!! OMG!!!!!!													
Man  why u live in NYC in that crazy ass weather. Move out to LA. It's nice EVERYDAY. NYC is soo over-rated! lol													
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol													
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?													
Dude. That. Sucks. :(													
haha thats sucks.. if that happened to me  idk what i would have done.													
stuff like building the forums is what I do when writing is kicking my ass  that's how I do it ;)													
Also  I caught that "Gai-damn" earlier  and I support it 100% ;)													
gee  i'd hate to see what you say about the family ;)													
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.													
oooo she's gonna go kick your ass now XD													
damn fine! The snow is gone thank god!													
That sucks.  Life can't really be that bad  right?  Chocolate does always help.													
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it													
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.													
YOU STUPID WHORE I HOPE YOU ARE IN YOUR HOUSE WHEN I BURN DOWN YOUR HOUSE YOU STUPID WHORE WHY WOULDN'T YOU GO TO PROM WITH ME													
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.													
ummm. Ya. That's pretty damn pimp.													
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power													
got delayed.  your ass kicking will have to wait.													
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?													
it was just a joke man..i wasnt taking the piss out of anything.													
I HATE tht													
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and													
whale wars?? sounds epic.													
can't you wind the flash levels down? I hate flash  I'd rip the things off if I could...													
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.													
I've been messing around with some of the beta releases. It murders every other WP version (widget panel still sucks though).													
Are you laughing your ass off with all these "juicy" twits?													
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*													
OMG bundesliga and brasilian bossanova. This was worse than seeing your loved family dog licking his ass. I'm scarred													
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?													
LOL!!  It's ok to admit that you got fat  or phat :-P. Hahahahaha jk :-D.													
"deepika a bitch 
-a"													
rahul the king of blunders													
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.													
wow - mommy's little cheerleader! *must... not... take... the...piss......*													
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol													
oh hot deepika damn!													
deepika is too sexy in 2 piece dress													
sould go and watch padmaavat													
indian campaign are on money													
I love deepika, she is too sexy in shape													
No thanks. I don't want cable. I hate most TV shows. I really hate commercials. I get my news online. I'm good. :)													
try telling your parents that you don't want to see them. see how well that fucking works out for you  yeah?													
Football. I hate it. It&#8217;s official  I&#8217;m bad luck.													
I fucking love Haunted.													
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.													
he don’t know how to speak in from of media lol out PM get the hell out													
you're a fucking maniac.													
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.													
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:													
FUCK you deepika padukone													
whelchers fuckin suck ass!													
some peoples drama just sucks!													
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.													
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.													
today feels like sunday.....damn lol													
Damn didnt even see that lol  : /													
trump supports whites not blacks, kill blacks													
i hate hate hate indians													
I like modi but not the decision of demonetisation, it was a stupid idea you bastard													
modi the other name of looser													
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!													
 kno I check ur blog out! Alpha females vs being a bitch.....damn u be analyzing!													
